Write welcome back my students so it's time for us to start setting up the relationship and that's super
easy right.
You to remember how to do that.
We go to app and then we go to user model.
In this case and we have a role for the user right so we're going to say all right.
Pawlick function.
And we're going to call this role and I say this belongs to.
Whoops.
App roll.
Whoops
there we go.
All right.
Super easy stuff right.
So now if we want to test this to see if it's working and I suggest you do that we have to actually
put some data in the database right.
All right cool.
Let's go to the beach be my ADD me real quick.
Let's refresh this.
We don't have the rules table so let's migrate it BHP or is migrate we go refresh scrolls and let's
insert something here.
And the name is administrator is
and that's one should be altered.
These users will be able to edit I mean to create posts
.
And let's just create one for subscribers.
These users will not be able to do anything else but they will be actually they will be able to comment
on our application and see their profile.
So I think that's good.
Let's do that now let's go to users.
We don't have a user.
That's OK.
All right we'll go to our application because applications are already working so let's go to our application
real quick.
Let's register a user.
I'm going to register myself and doing that courting faculty
com my password.
I mean you just put a fake bass were just in case.
All right cool.
Oops.
Kimberly my password did not match.
I think up with the fake password first.
And the real one after.
All right cool.
So now if we go back and refresh we have that user now let's actually edit a user and am I seeing this
correctly.
We don't have that rule
that rule ID.
Hah.
We need to actually do a migrate refresh guys arrive because we added some stuff in the database migration
in the Users table will never migrate to this.
All right.
So THP Adisa migrate refresh.
All right cool.
And let's do this again real quick I'm going to pop a video because I don't want you to look at me writing
the video.
I did a I said all the rules here and I haven't done the user this is easy and I don't mind you watching
me actually writing this because as you can see it is easy.
All right.
Well I went blank there for a minute with my password.
Can you believe it guys.
All right.
Let's go back to the users table now.
And now we could see that rule I.D. and it's known right now.
Let's actually make it one so these guys will be an administrator and active.
That's OK.
We're just going to leave it like that.
All right cool.
All right.
So this lecture is getting kind of low on the next lecture.
We to actually test this out.
And then what I want you to do is I want you to try yourself and try to see how you can test it out
.
And another thing is that you can use thinka remember that.
All right super easy to use is very good that you get used to used in thinker because it saves you all
a bunch of writing.
All right.
Take care.